Readme.md, before:

# Hi, I'm [Vidya Sagar Mehar](https://vidya-sagar-portfolio.netlify.app/) ! 👋


## 🚀 I'm a front-end developer...
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif">

## Project Title - TODO Web App Javascript project 06

A JavaScript Project that allows to add bookmarks and by clicking on the added bookmark link you can copy the bookmarked link on your clipboard. 

## Average time to complete
#### 3 hrs


## Lessons Learned

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Js-appendChild-blue)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Js-removeChild-purple)

## Technology Used



![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/FirstTech-JavaScript-orange)
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/SecondTech-HTML-blue)
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/ThirdTech-CSS-black)

## 🛠 Skills
JAVASCRIPT, HTML, CSS

## Demo | Netlify
https://todoaddlist.netlify.app/


## Screenshots

![](./Screenshot%202022-10-29%20234433.png)


## Feedback

If you have any feedback, please reach out to me at vidyasagark890@gmail.com


## 🔗 Links
[![portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/my_portfolio-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=ko-fi&logoColor=white)](https://vidya-sagar-portfolio.netlify.app/)
[![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/)
[![twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/Cherry_Reyans)

Commit message:

project  description added in readme file

Readme.md, after:

# Hi, I'm [Vidya Sagar Mehar](https://vidya-sagar-portfolio.netlify.app/) ! 👋


## 🚀 I'm a front-end developer...
<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/73097560/115834477-dbab4500-a447-11eb-908a-139a6edaec5c.gif">

## Project Title - TODO Web App Javascript project 06

A JavaScript TODO web app where you can add your todo work on the app and you can also mark them if the todo is completed and also you can remove the todo's from list.
## Average time to complete
#### 3 hrs


## Lessons Learned

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Js-appendChild-blue)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Js-removeChild-purple)

## Technology Used



![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/FirstTech-JavaScript-orange)
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/SecondTech-HTML-blue)
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/ThirdTech-CSS-black)

## 🛠 Skills
JAVASCRIPT, HTML, CSS

## Demo | Netlify
https://todoaddlist.netlify.app/


## Screenshots

![](./Screenshot%202022-10-29%20234433.png)


## Feedback

If you have any feedback, please reach out to me at vidyasagark890@gmail.com


## 🔗 Links
[![portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/my_portfolio-000?style=for-the-badge&logo=ko-fi&logoColor=white)](https://vidya-sagar-portfolio.netlify.app/)
[![linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/)
[![twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-1DA1F2?style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/Cherry_Reyans)
